Weather display

Allows to add a additional service to the weather choices
(or modify a existing).

There are many services available that offer realtime images
from space for display with you browser.
Some offer WMS-services to integrate these here
check for API-documentation or something similar.

Type

Select one of WebMapService (WMS) which is provided by many servers,
or RealEarth (which is non-generic see https://realearth.ssec.wisc.edu/)

Name

A unique name that helps you to idenifiy the service.

Address

The base address or URL for the info request
(the http parameters are added internaly,
to test with your browser use the base address and add
"?service=WMS&version=1.3.0&request=GetCapabilities"
this sould display a Xml-File that describes the capabilites of the server,
but if not this might display a helpful error page).

Delay

Services are usually helpful to use the nearest time for a historic request,
but picky if you get to close to the actual time
(this can be estimated from the difference of end value of the time dimension to actual time)
If you get just a blank image it is probably helpful to increase the delay.

Use near current time

Usually false,
set true if service offers some prognosis but you want to view current time.

Enter some useful values and click "Refresh" to check if it is working.
You sould get entries in "Products" that describe the available choices.
The column period is displayed in it's original form (Iso-period)
but should be easily understandable e.g. "PT15M" stands for period time 15 minutes
(for a more complete documentation see
http://portal.opengeospatial.org/files/?artifact_id=14416
which tends to be a bit abstract, so best check the documentation
provided with the service of your choice).

If anything goes wrong check "Protocol" the messages that have a level
of Wrn (Warn),Err (Error) should indicate what went wrong
e.g. if the address is wrong you get a message like "...response 404 Not found"
which refers to the Http status for some codes a hint is displayed,
for others check the http status e.g.
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status .

This is targeted on some near time images provided with regular intervals.
This is not a GIS (Geo info system) so it will not work with services
that offer fragmented timelines / historic images
(QGis might help you better with these).

Any links/data/infos are provided for reference only,
the rights belong to their respective owner.